# SoftwareSecurity
The client, Artemis Financial, is a financial consulting company that develops individual financial plans for savings, retirement, investments, and insurance for their clients.  They needed a verification step in the form of a checksum in their web application to ensure secure communications.  Their published vulnerabilities contained some false positives which were suppressed, they still need a secure sign/suthorization in implemented.  It is important to code securely as it will at the very least save time and money later on in the project lifecycle. Software security is necessary for a company's wellbeing to help save them from breaking any laws, being vulnerable to fines and crimes, and being accountable with their customers' information.  The vulnerability assessment was difficult because I'm still not sure how you are supposed to know if something is a false positive or a false negative; no one has explained that.  With a self-signed certificatte and adding it to the project in the IDE and implementing a SHA256 algorithm with Java Security MessageDigest I added security, I will definitely use MessageDigest in the future as it makes it so easy to use/implement. The code was functional because it worked on my localhost that was set up to run the Spring application.  I checked to see if I introduced new vulnerabilities by running an OWASP dependency check with Maven.  Only one vulnerability showed from something I had to add to my pom file, but it wasn't for the version I was using for xmlbind-so that was a false positive.  I used Maven for the dependency check, Spring was already implemented, though this was the first class I really used them and I would like to use them in the future.  I suppose I would use my final project as it shows I can use the depedency check, integrate a checksum, and create a certificcate.                
